doc: nrf5340_audio: Update docs to refer to SoftDevice controller (#14164)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/nrf5340_audio/doc/firmware_architecture.rst

You might need to configure and program two applications for testing the interoperability, depending on your use case.
See the testing steps for each of the application for more information.

> .. note::
>    From NCSDK 2.6.0 the nRF5340 Audio applications will build with the :ref:`ug_ble_controller_softdevice` by default.
>    The :ref:`_lib_bt_ll_acs_nrf53_readme` is deprecated and will be removed after NCSDK 2.7.0 release.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::
   From NCSDK 2.6.0 the nRF5340 Audio applications will build with the :ref:`ug_ble_controller_softdevice` by default.
   The :ref:`_lib_bt_ll_acs_nrf53_readme` is deprecated and will be removed at a later point in time.

```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. note::
   From the |NCS| v2.6.0, the nRF5340 Audio applications are by default built with the :ref:`ug_ble_controller_softdevice`.
   The :ref:`lib_bt_ll_acs_nrf53_readme` is :ref:`deprecated <api_deprecation>` and will be removed in one of the future releases.
```
Do we really need this note here? I think that with the note in the LE Audio controller docs, the change in the changelog, and the note in the QDID section, this will be enough to inform the users.

I'm writing this because this note is very much release-specific and not general as the rest of the page.

Author: I'm fine with removing it, so I'll do that. I saw that the deprecation is mentioned in the migration guide, so people affected by this should find the same information there

   nRF5340 Audio high-level design (overview)

The network core of the nRF5340 SoC runs the SoftDevice Controller, which is responsible for receiving the audio stream data from hardware layers and forwarding the data to the Bluetooth LE host on the application core.

> The controller implements the lower layers of the Bluetooth Low Energy software stack and follows the LE Audio specification requirements.

Reviewer: We should not mention what the controller follows and/or not follows here. 

```suggestion
The controller implements the lower layers of the Bluetooth Low Energy software stack.
```
